- Attack/Military actions
- Resource usage (actions should use resources and each resource should at least have one use case)
- show what affets population how in its tooltip
- Prevent cheating in the chat deals (you can get money for technology level now, but tech level isn't actually transferred, for example)
- AI should initiate deal requests too (to player and among each other - among each other can be done in the background without AI probably)
- Player shouldn't be able to see the "Propose Deal" button for their own country, it should only be shown for other countries.
- Ending turn takes forever. We need to increase its speed but we have to do it in a way that we're sure won't create any technical or functional problems. We have had issues with caching before.
- Based on LLM analysis and recommended actions, each turn end, choose 2 random countries that make a statement on 2 random things each. These statements will be shown in the History log. For example, X warns Y for building massive army in the neighborhood; X promises to be the most technologically advanced nation soon, etc. These should give some hint to these countries' plans or intentions, but shouldn't fully disclose everything. (This function is better if it's LLM-based so these statements are always unique, but if it costs too much or affects turn end speed too much, we can create 100-200 pre-made statements that can be used with rules. There should be many premade statements so they don't repeat often.)
- Player can hire an advisor by clicking "Hire Advisor" button that can tell them what they can improve (the advisor will be the same logic with LLM for AI countries). It should work immediately without needing to end the turn. Advisor can be hired only once each turn.
- Countries are able to sell their resources to black market at cheaper rates than they would be able to get via trading with other countries.